hwdef: new board HAKRCF405Wing hwdefs, settings, and bootloader files (#28648)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: libraries/AP_HAL_ChibiOS/hwdef/HAKRCF405Wing/README.md

# HAKRCF405Wing Flight Controller

The HAKRC F405 Wing v1.0 is a flight controller produced by [HAKRC](https://www.hakrc.com/).

![HAKRCF405Wing FC](HAKRCF405Wing-FC.png "HAKRCF405 Wing Flight contorller")

## Features

 - MCU: STM32F405RGT6, 168MHz
 - Gyro: ICM42688-P
 - 16Mb Onboard Flash
 - BEC output: 5V, 2A@4V
 - Barometer: SPL06
 - OSD: AT7456E
 - 5 UARTS: (UART1, UART3, UART4, UART5, UART6)
 - 5 PWM outputs (4 motor outputs used internally for integrated 4-in-1 ESC and 1 integrated LED)

## Pinout

Flight controller board
![HAKRCF405Wing-TOP](HAKRCF405Wing-FCTOP.png "HAKRC F405 Wing pinout, Top")
![HAKRCF405Wing-BOM](HAKRCF405Wing-FCBottom.png "HAKRC F405 Wing pinout, Bottom")

Power board
![HAKRCF405Wing-PWR](HAKRCF405Wing-PowerBoard.png "HAKRC F405 Wing pinout, Power board")

## UART Mapping

The UARTs are marked Rn and Tn in the above pinouts. The Rn pin is the
receive pin for UARTn. The Tn pin is the transmit pin for UARTn.
|Name|Pin|Function|
|:-|:-|:-|
|SERIAL0|COMPUTER|USB|

> |SERIAL1|RX1/TX1|UART1 (ELRS)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|SERIAL1|RX1/TX1|UART1 (RCinput, DMA caapable)|
```

> |SERIAL2|RX2/TX2|UART2 (Serial / RX2 Shared with SBUS) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|SERIAL2|RX2/TX2|UART2 (USER, DMA capable / RX2 tied to SBUS  pad) |
```

> |SERIAL3|TX3/RX3|UART3 (Telemetry)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|SERIAL3|TX3/RX3|UART3 (MAVLink2, DMA capable)
```

> |SERIAL4|TX4/RX4|UART4 (DJI)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|SERIAL4|TX4/RX4|UART4 (DisplayPort)|
```

> |SERIAL5|TX5/RX5|UART5 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|SERIAL5|TX5/RX5|UART5 (User)|
```

> |SERIAL6|TX6/RX6|UART6 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|SERIAL6|TX6/RX6|UART6  (GPS, DMA capable|
```

## RC Input

> RC input is configured on the on-board ELRS on UART1 or through (UART1_RX/UART1_TX) pins. It supports all serial RC protocols.

Reviewer: there is no onboard ELRS that I can determine
```suggestion
RC input is configured RCinput on UART1 (UART1_RX/UART1_TX) pins. It supports all serial RC protocols.
```

## OSD Support

> The HAKRCF405Wing supports OSD using OSD_TYPE 1 (MAX7456 driver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HAKRCF405Wing supports onboard analog OSD using OSD_TYPE 1 (MAX7456 driver) and HAD VTX DisplayPort OSD simultaneously.
```

## PWM Output

> The HAKRCF405Wing has 8 motor outputs and 3 servo outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HAKRCF405Wing has 11 motor/servo outputs supporting PWM and DShot. 
The 11 PWM outputs are in 5 groups:

- PWM 1,2 in group1
- PWM 3,4  in group2
- PWM 5,6,7  in group3
- PWM 8-10 in group4
- PWM 11  in group5

Channels within the same group need to use the same output rate. If any channel in a group uses DShot, then all channels in that group need to use DShot.
```

## Battery Monitoring

The board has a builtin voltage sensor and a current sensor input tied main battery input, external ESCs connects on the power board. 
The voltage sensor can handle up to 36 Volt DC. LiPo batteries.

The correct battery setting parameters are:

 - BATT_MONITOR 4
 - BATT_VOLT_PIN 11

>  - BATT_VOLT_MULT 550

Reviewer: I dont thin this is correct....this would allow 3.3v*550 = 1650V batteries

 - BATT_CURR_PIN 13

>  - BATT_CURR_MULT 100

Reviewer: this allows up to 330AMPS! for full range! I do not think this is correct

These are set by default in the firmware and shouldn't need to be adjusted

> ## Airspeed

Reviewer: should include RSSI pin and its number also
```suggestion
## Analog inputs
```

The HAKRCF405Wing has both analog (JST-GH 3 pin) and I2C port (JST-GH 4pin) exposed for the external airspeed sensor. 
Analog airspeed settings:
 - AIRSPEED_PIN 15

## Compass

The HAKRCF405Wing does not have onboard compass. Compass can be connected on I2C port (JST-GH 4pin)

## NeoPixel LED

The board includes a NeoPixel LED on the underside which is pre-configured to output ArduPilot sequences. 

> This is the twelwth (12) PWM output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the twelfth (12) PWM output.
```

## Loading Firmware

Initial firmware load can be done with DFU by plugging in USB with the
bootloader button pressed. Then you should load the "with_bl.hex"
firmware, using your favourite DFU loading tool.

Once the initial firmware is loaded you can update the firmware using
any ArduPilot ground station software. Updates should be done with the

> *.apj firmware files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*.apj firmware files.
```
required to allow a conversion tool to work for wiki page development
